yesterday in Miami our next guest racked
up 133 yards and two touchdowns to power
his team to a fourth-quarter comeback
win and bring it in a photo from the
Sugar Bowl champion chief please welcome
accompanied by Super Bowl MVP Eric
Stonestreet Damien Williams
[Applause]
[Music]
so first of all congratulations Willie
to both of you I guess
thank you and they may let me tell you
something about Eric here Eric told said
on this show five years ago we were
talking about the super voice a
somebody's gonna go he said I will never
go to the Super Ball until the Kansas
City Chiefs are in the Superbowl and
sure enough this was your first one and
look what happened ah 50 years you know
when he walked out and we said hello I
just imagine what it must be like to try
to tackle you and I cannot imagine have
you slept since the game but they got
more tired than him and I didn't play in
football
you were probably streaming more than me
and although I'll tell you something
cool about him my friend Mitchell
Schwartz the right tackle for the Chiefs
he told me he called his shot on that
last touchdown he said you finished the
blocks that I'm gonna stick it in the
end zone right now
you're talking about that last touchdown
I wanna show the game man I told my guys
I said look you know they're you know
they're preaching first down run the
clock out touchdown it and we still is
game over we can't come back from there
let's talk about this touchdown here I
want to show the tape here and I don't
know if you've even seen this yet have
you seen this yet yeah there you are and
you just get in there I mean are you now
looking at that now the game is over
are you 100% convinced that was a touch
you think you were penalized for having
big feet
man listen look two sizess order out of
bow so how do you feel right now
pretty good great stories you played a
Miami played for the Dolphins of Miami
and to go there and to win in you know
in a place you it's almost like getting
like married in your ex-girlfriends yard
but no did you have a lot of friends
there from your playing days most
definitely you know a lot of guys still
working in our building I still stay in
touch with him and it was great no just
to see that you know how excited they
were for me because they seemed each and
every day you know coming into working
and I heart our work so just amazing
there's a very nice moment here I don't
know if you've seen this Eric this has
gone viral on the Internet now there you
are after the game were you talking to
there right hey man that's my do right
there you're talking to Raheem from the
night scene you guys exchange jerseys is
that that's a tradition uh you know I
know when they started doing this you
know a couple years ago I really wasn't
your fan or I really didn't do that much
because you know I don't wanna
thereafter win or a loss go up to
somebody like uh huh right
but nah we built the friendship you know
when he came to Miami with us you know
he's on there for you know a short time
and you know we've spent each and every
day you know especially been in the same
position and you know we hung out all
the time so no that was somebody's no
close to me and you know in that moment
you know you want you know somebody
there for you who close to you and and
you know order you ought to celebrate
and everything that was going on and I
seen them running off you know and I
talked to him before the game like no I
don't care what happens you know I want
to speak to you you know after the game
and I made that that's nice now I will
tell you though that you realize because
you guys won and they didn't you the
Jersey you gave him is worth a lot more
than you say that because I'll call him
we'll get it back
Eric you got it you got some video on
the field - yeah this is pretty great
moment there's Andy Reid they coach to
the Chiefs and then as Derek comes right
in there and that's words were exchanged
What did he say to you he said you love
me appreciated everything I do and I
told him there how much you love me and
how much you appreciate me pales in
comparison how much Kansas he loves you
and appreciates you and I know it's team
plays for Andy Reid everybody loves Andy
Reid he's a great guy and then we just
did one for how about those true yeah
the party I assume there's a party last
night yes himself at this party among
your teammates and you know what I mean
when I say that man let's see let's see
let's see we have too many personalities
on that team mm-hmm you know who had the
most fun enjoyed themselves as coach
Reid really he was a life of the party
you know you know yeah pit border no
going crazy he said he was gonna get a
cheeseburger or something yeah yeah yeah
I get that cheeseburger okay
tadam gee coach Reid said after pitbull
he said man I watched pip all night guys
got some endurance did either of you cry
yesterday I was asked about that note
and it was kind of you know just all the
way around you know everybody is more
emotion about the AFC Championship then
then this one interesting and and I
guess you know you want to say is you
know getting a little more hunch off you
know you know you know for him and you
know that's his dad name on it right
yeah
I felt like know that meant more to
everybody to be able to give that to him
yeah absolutely yeah if your dad's name
is on it I'm sure it does mean did you
cry the end of the game yeah I cried at
the end of the game I cried after the
end of the game I cried this morning bad
look at my girlfriend's post that she
made on Instagram oh yeah in Miami
cried backstage right now looking at
savage here's here's the thing though
man and this is just one of the guys on
the Kansas City Chiefs but him in that
moment that other player that's what
being a chief is all about its class and
respect of your opponent and playing
with all your heart and that's what
Lamar Hunt create a that's what Clark
has shepherded but to bring this back to
Kansas City man the Super Bowl trophy
that Lamar Hunt he's gonna cry at the
parade because he's gonna feel the love
of Kansas City and he's gonna see what
he means to this city along with other
the Kansas City yeah you can never go
anywhere ever again you have to where
you will be fully appreciated by
everyone there could anything make this
better I mean well I had a great day
yesterday I mean it was pretty
incredible experience one thing I was a
little bummed out about it didn't happen
that I was with with Coach tree I saw
coach Reid I'd like to have a Gatorade
bath at some point in my life you would
like to have a Gatorade yeah
this voice deserves to get away
[Applause]
we happen to have a kiddie pool here
[Laughter]
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
Super Bowl champions after the hot
country nights congratulations on making
it to the end of the YouTube video why
not celebrate by clicking the subscribe
button you earned it